now I wanted to show you what it was
like coming into this town so this is
just like oh they all have churches too
so here we go
sit down there's always people eat dogs
I swear to God every time with the same
look you see Pallonji lingerie
rotisserie
Shaku ta you know that was close
miss your hotel and restaurant
and everywhere you go with all these
nice shutters and stuff it's really nice
there's an artisan Boulanger that
supposed to be a fancy College a
patisserie that's why you gotta see
press means they have newspapers to back
there see the time to have to back up
like constantly everyone's focused or in
it to hairdresser oh and they usually
have pharmacies no not all of them every
single place looks the same farm $45 but
but it was a lot to carry so I was tired
of carrying it
okay fine everywhere all right